J.K. Organisation is multinational group head-quartered in India with a heritage of more than 125 years. The Group has multi-business, multi-product and multi-location operations, with its foot prints in various countries across the globe. It has overseas manufacturing operations in Mexico, Indonesia, Romania, Belgium, Portugal and UAE.


Products of the JK Group have a strong brand recall and enjoy a significant market share in their respective segments. The strong brand equity of the Group has been built through use of latest technologies, continuous research & development and innovation. The Organisation has set up highly reputed Research and Development Institutes in various fields.


The group rose in importance in the 1950s to 1980s, when it was the third-largest industrial conglomerate in India after the Birla and Tata conglomerates. The group has multi-business, multi-product, and multi-location operations, with interests in many countries. It has overseas manufacturing operations in Mexico, Indonesia, Romania, Belgium, Portugal, the UAE, and Switzerland. The organization also includes research and development institutes in various fields. The family is currently divided into three main groups headed by Dr. Gaur Hari Singhania based in Kanpur, Shri Hari Shankar Singhania based in Delhi and Shri Vijaypat Singhania based in Mumbai. The three men are cousins who now run independent businesses, which are technically and legally separate entities and have no cross-holdings or common directors and employees, sharing only the family history.


JK Tech is a leading global provider of Digital and Business Consulting services, committed to delivering exceptional experiences to our clients, people, and the environment. With our deep industry expertise in Retail & CPG, Healthcare, and Insurance, we offer a comprehensive range of solutions that are tailored to meet the unique challenges of our client’s businesses. Our niche offerings in Modernization, Hyperautomation, and Data Transformation enable us to deliver innovative and customized solutions that help our clients stay ahead of the competition. At JK Tech, we are dedicated to helping our clients navigate their digital transformation journey and achieve their long-term business goals.


As an organization, people are our precious assets, and we value and admire our employees. We endeavor to foster a transparent, diverse, inclusive, and friendly environment and culture that is driven by “Collaboration”, “Respect”, “Attitude” & “Passion”.


Our Purpose


Committed to a Superior Experience
We are committed to a superior experience in everything we do as an organization, be it for our clients, employees, or the community at large. Over the years, we have retained most of our clients for over a decade through our belief in continuous improvement. Our employees form the core of the organization, and we want to provide them with a superior experience so that they can learn, grow, and excel in their long-term goals.


CORE VALUES
A certain set of core values drives every organization. At JK Tech, we ‘CARE’ for our clients, employees, and society. These core values drive every decision we make as an organization and helps us stay committed to our promise of delivering a superior experience at everything that we do.


Customer Centricity
Focusing on creating positive experiences for the customer through the full set of solutions and services that JK Tech offers.


Accountability
Fostering a culture of accountable leadership across organization through clear and effective communication, transparent teams and building trust while supporting our common goal of superior experience.


Respect for Others
Nurturing “trust based leadership” between management and employees.


Employee Empowerment
Valuing employees, partners and customers for their abilities, qualities and achievements.


CULTURE


DIVERSITY & INCLUSION
We believe in providing an equal opportunity to learn and grow for everyone. This is a part of the JK Tech ethos, and we genuinely believe that to succeed, you need a diverse team that can bring a plethora of ideas from their varied backgrounds.



OPENNESS
To deliver clever and capable solutions, JK Tech provide an open work environment, where ideas flow without any friction. We aim to cultivate a secure and transparent environment for employees to openly share and discuss ideas. We urge our employees to grow alongside each other rather than compete against each other.


AGILE
We, at JK Tech, never shy away from change as we believe change truly is the only constant of life. JK Tech is invariably evolving to keep up and stay ahead of time, fostering flexibility and adaptability in its environment, people, and solutions.


INNOVATION
Innovation fuels transformation and growth, which is why we highly value it. JK Tech provides abundant opportunities for employees to unleash, reach and surpass their full potentials in order to bring innovative and refreshing solutions to the table. We have partnered with global new-age emerging firms to provide for a superior experience and drive innovation.


ACCREDITATIONS
MAKING QUALITY THE TOUCHSTONE FOR OPERATIONS AND PLANNING
The accreditations that we undergo help us to constantly benchmark our products and services to international standards. As an organization, we are deeply committed to excellence in all we do, and this belief underlies all our operation and processes.


We not only form strategic partnerships with some of the most innovative companies in the technology industry but regularly undergo stringent company evaluation to meet and surpass industry best practices, standards, improve our processes, quality, security and infrastructure.


ALL ACCREDITATIONS
ISO 9001:2015 (QUALITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
ISO 27001:2013 (INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
ISO 37001:2016 – (ANTI-BRIBERY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
ISO 14001:2015 – (ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
ISAE & SSAE 18 SOC1 TYPE1
ISAE & SSAE 18 SOC 1 TYPE II
CMMI L-5 SVC V 1.3
SAP-CERTIFIED PROVIDER OF SAP BUSINESS SUITE SOLUTIONS OPERATIONS
SAP-CERTIFIED PROVIDER OF SAP S/4HANA SOLUTIONS OPERATIONS
SAP-CERTIFIED PROVIDER OF HOSTING OPERATIONS LEVEL: ADVANCED


JK Tech provides niche IT service solutions focused on industries including Retail & CPG, Healthcare & Life Sciences, and Insurance. Our solution leverages the power of Hyperautomation, Data Analytics, AI/ML, and Cloud services to provide a superior Customer Experience. Designed to meet our client’s needs, JK Tech's team combines experience, a strategic approach, and leverages partner ecosystem to provide innovative cutting-edge solutions. JK Tech is your one-stop solution provider for transforming your business into a data-driven enterprise.

Industries
Healthcare & Life Sciences
Retail & CPG
Insurance
Core Digital Transformation Offerings: The Future is Digital
JK Tech’s Digital Transformation solution unlocks the true potential of your Business.

Hyperautomation
Data Transformation
Modernization
Success Stories
Insights

Reimagine the Future of the Healthcare & Life Sciences Ecosystem with Us
Reshaping an affordable and accessible Healthcare Ecosystem with our
Hyperautomation & Data Transformation enabled solutions.

Healthcare & Life Sciences services

The Healthcare landscape has evolved significantly with technological advancement and changing patient requirements. These factors are pushing the existing care delivery models and thus Healthcare & Life Sciences companies constantly face the challenge of transforming for the future, or else face the risk of being left behind. According to a recent report by The American Hospital Association, more than half of U.S. hospitals (53%) are projected to have negative margins in 2022. This clearly indicated the need for transformation.

JK Tech strives to assist global Healthcare & Life Sciences organizations with our vision of Insight Driven Healthcare Data Transformation enabled solutions leveraging the power of AI/ML, analytics and automation. In our quest to deliver an equitable healthcare infrastructure, we help answer fundamental questions relating to Availability, Accessibility, and Affordability.

We have devised a 3A approach that leverages automation-driven technology that reduces administrative work and increases the Availability of healthcare providers. The next is Accessibility comprising telehealth, online consultation, virtual clinical trials, and real-time monitoring, that enables healthcare providers to offer utmost patient care. The approach also covers Affordability which consists of value-based care, health risk assessment, and drug development optimization.

3A Approach for Healthcare
 
Healthcare and Life Sciences providers aim to offer better care, at optimal cost and drive improvement in patient experience. 90% of top Healthcare solution providers say achieving a better patient experience is their top desired outcome when implementing digital technologies. JK Tech’s automated digital healthcare solutions address and empower the overall need of the healthcare industry, boosting productivity & patient experience and leading to ~40% savings in operational costs.

With Data Transformation at the core, our wide range of end-to-end services helps Healthcare and Life Sciences organizations to become the Hyperautomation-powered enterprises of the future. Our solutions are aligned with modern Healthcare analytics to facilitate the reduction in claim denials, simplify integration between different parties, and digitize manual processes. It also regulates compliance adherence, improves data access for patients and stakeholders, and consolidates individual medical records.

Focus Areas

Operational Efficiency for Providers

Better Health Delivery to Patients

Improved Patient-to-payment Cycle
Healthcare & Life Sciences Hyperautomation Solutions
Revenue Cycle Management (RCM)
Offering end-to-end innovative automation solutions to identify and eliminate administrative inefficiencies in the Healthcare ecosystem to reduce costs and increase revenue.

Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR)
Assisting Healthcare organizations to comply with FHIR allowing seamless exchange of patient information to improve care coordination, reduce errors, and increase efficiency.

Automated Compliance
Providing an aggregated solution enabling clients to proactively identify and address compliance issues, thus ensuring that patient privacy and security are protected.

Population Health
Helping Healthcare organizations employ data analytics and AI/ML to identify patterns and trends by analyzing data that may indicate an increased risk of certain diseases.

Our Healthcare Team
1.Sanjeev Motwani
Segment Head - Healthcare & Insurance

2.William Moroz
Solution Head - Healthcare

3.John Goetz
Sales Head - Healthcare

4.Dr. Asmita Pillewan
Domain Expert - Healthcare & Life Sciences

5.Rana Banerjee
Head - AI/ML

 Insurance Services

The digital disruption has ushered the Insurance industry to broaden and diversify its capabilities in order to compete in a digital and customer-driven world. With the depth of our expertise in the insurance domain, we create a meaningful service journey for our customers, by helping them evolve with the disruptive digital trends, maximize value for money, smarter risks management and ultimately transforming them into digital insurers.

Our expertise lies across two major segments - Property & Casualty and Claims Management. P&C has been on phenomenal growth, especially commercial P&C products and services. On the other hand, Claim management services have become the centerpiece of the Insurance industry over the years. As the complexity and magnitude of insurance services grow exponentially, claim processing became a more demanding industry that needs to be handled by experts.

L'objectif du guide des meilleurs casinos en ligne est d'aider à la prise de décision. Nos critiques de casino honnêtes sont une ressource précieuse car notre équipe d'experts évalue personnellement le site Web de chaque opérateur de jeu afin de fournir des évaluations honnêtes et transparentes. Nous prêtons attention aux avantages et aux inconvénients de chaque casino en ligne, à des détails tels que les bonus et les promotions, à la qualité des jeux de table en argent réel sur le site et aux mesures de sécurité pour préserver vos informations personnelles. Des critiques de casino honnêtes pour vous aider, vous, le joueur, sont notre priorité absolue. Lisez la suite pour en savoir plus sur notre approche des revues indépendantes de casinos en ligne et trouver les liste des casinos en Suisse Romande . Nous ne recommandons que les casinos en ligne les plus sûrs et les plus fiables, de sorte que vous n'avez plus à vous soucier de la sécurité. Nos évaluateurs prennent en considération des éléments tels que la variété des jeux et des logiciels de casino, les bonus et les promotions, la rapidité et la facilité des paiements, l'assistance à la clientèle, la sécurité et la sûreté de chacun des casinos que nous évaluons. Tous les sites de casino que nous recommandons sont également certifiés par des auditeurs tiers indépendants, qui les notent largement en termes de sécurité des joueurs.

OUR INSURANCE SERVICES

Property & Casualty
We have proven success stories in RPA , AI/ML , Elastic search and predictive data analytics. We help our customer achieve operational efficiency in key process areas of policy lifecycle ranging from underwriting, rating, quote, issuance to claim management. Our predictive data analytics help the customer derive actionable intelligence from the years of data on policy lifecycle stages, fraud prevention and claim management.


Claims Management
We help you with core claims processing components such as claim intake for workers comp, disability, liability, auto and general in addition to occupational safety and Health Administration (OSHA) compliance, fraud and major loss prevention.



Hyperautomation
A powerful solution to help your enterprise in achieving real progress while on your digital transformation journey, hyperautomation delivers productivity gains and improves customer experience.

Reinforce Retail & CPG Businesses to Stay Ahead in a Dynamic Competitive Landscape
Transforming across the value chain through our industry-specific
Advanced Analytics and Hyperautomation solutions.

  Retail & CPG

With increasing expectations of digital-savvy customers, Retail and CPG businesses have a tough task ahead in meeting those demands and hence are compelled to better understand their customers' behavior, engage with them meaningfully, and streamline operations across the supply chain, enhancing the overall experience with the help of Retail IT Solutions.

Challenges Faced by Retailers
The industry is enduring a massive transformation while dealing with some specific challenges. Moreover, understanding the implications and making observations on key business elements like inventory, supply chain, product demand, consumer behavior, etc. has been more important than ever.

Technology solutions such as Augmented Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics, Predictive Analytics, Data Analytics, and CPG Data Analytics give you the power to engage with customers on a completely different level by offering the right product at the right time with the help of data and AI/ML.

JK Tech is a next-generation Digital and IT services provider enabling Retail & CPG clients globally to navigate their digital transformation. Our Retail IT services are aimed at transforming & bringing automation in retail, high street & e-commerce players, and CPG brands, leveraging the power of Digital Transformation, Retail Analytics, and AI/ML to unleash the benefits across the value chain. With time-tested quality and expertise, we optimize costs, maximize revenues, reduce risks, and deliver a faster ROI.

Focus Areas
Our Transformational Retail & CPG Offerings
Optimized Price Recommendation
Helping retailers assess price sensitivity, price recommendation, and competitive price monitoring resulting in an increase in relative revenue.

Demand Forecasting & Inventory Planning
Leveraging the power of the data that are obtained by integrating multiple touch points to help retailers with improved forecast accuracy, and reduced inventory carrying Costs.

Personalized Recommendations
Enabling retail organizations to increase the average transaction value, increase customer engagement, increase basket size, and reduce customer churn through advanced AI/ML algorithms.

Enhanced Store Performance
Offering Augmented Analytics solution backed by Data Transformation to provide retailers with insights into store traffic, sales conversion, etc.


Our Retail & CPG Team

1.Kundu
Segment Head - Retail & CPG

2.Raj Basu
Solution Head- Retail & CPG

3.Gaurav Luhadiya
Sales Head - Retail & CPG

4.Rana Banerjee
Head - AI/ML


#DigitalEvolutionJourney #IntelligentEnterprise
HYPERAUTOMATION SERVICES
Unlock the next level of digital disruption with Hyperautomation

GET STARTED
In this “automation first” era, organizations are exploring ways to grow beyond the common approach of automation and amplify their automation efforts to become more agile and resilient. While the processes are being made intelligent, enterprises look for a broader set of automation tools to mitigate functional and process silos and achieve end-to-end business process automation. However, the solutions like Robotic Process Automation(RPA), AI/ML, Big Data, Analytics, Middleware/Integration, BPMS are built and managed at a much high cost of ownership due to their disparate nature.


How CAN HYPERAUTOMATION HELP IN YOUR BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION?
Hyperautomation amalgamates all the disparate technology solutions on a single platform within the enterprise and helps harness the total power of integrated automation. It also enables better, cheaper, and faster solution development with 30% reduced effort and cost.

Hyperautomation includes the power of RPA, Big Data and AI/ML, combined with digital and dynamic workflows using iBPMS. It comes with Low-code/No-code development environment, leading the organizations towards Citizen Driven Development.

“Hyperautomation has been coined by Gartner as one of the top technology trends in 2022.”


PILLARS OF HYPERAUTOMATION
RPA IconRobotic Process Automation
Process Automation
Digital/Virtual Assistance
Intelligent Document Processing
Business Process IconiBPMS, Business Rules
Workflow Management
Complex Event Processing​
Real-time Analytics, Business Rules
Data Analytics IconData Analytics & AI/ML/DL
Data Ingestion, Storage, Analysis & Visualization
Image/Video Analytics
NLP, Speech Recognition
Citizen-driven DevelopmentCitizen-driven Development
Low-code/No-code
Drag-drop
Omnichannel
Enterprise IconEnterprise Integration​
Built-in Connectors​
Data in Motion
Data Streaming​ ​
Service Orchestration
Cognitive Process IconCognitive Process Discovery & Mining​
Non-intrusive Event Collection​
Automated Insights for Blockages​
AI-LED identification of inefficiencies and execution gaps
Pink ArrowGreen ArrowYellow Arrow 
“As per Gartner, by 2024, organizations will lower operational costs by 30% by combining hyperautomation technologies with redesigned operational processes.”


 Why CHOOSE US
We are in a strategic partnership with Evolute IQ, a market-leading technology company for hyperautomation. We aim to build transformative business solution leveraging e.IQ platform that combines low-code / no-code, iBPMS, AI, ML, IoT, RPA Integration, Blockchain and data processing to deliver end-to-end enterprise automation.

As your tech partner, we will help at every step of your hyperautomation journey. Our team of professional geeks will help you manage the full cycle of automation right from discovering automation opportunities to measuring the ROI & value realization.


Blue ArrowVALUES DELIVERED THROUGH HYPERAUTOMATION
Accelerated Digital Transformation
It brings together all the disparate technologies within the enterprise and helps harness the total power of integrated automation through the faster building of automated applications.

Non-intrusive
The solution is complementary to the existing automation technologies within the customer environment.

Seamless Customer Journey
Unlike the specific technologies that solve one automation problem, e.IQ enables an integrated and seamless automated customer journey throughout the process and across different systems.

Empowering Workforce
With the help of hyperautomation, employees are able to work faster, within the resources that are available and with much fewer errors. This also helps them in directing their time and energy to strategic tasks.

Faster ROI & Adoption
Enables customers to get outcomes within 8-10 weeks of automation enablement using an Agile approach.

Future Proof
Promotes best of breed environment so that the customer is not tied down to one type of technology vendor and can migrate to new technologies as they become mainstream in the future.

ArrowHYPERAUTOMATION FAQS


What is Hyperautomation?
Hyperautomation is a holistic solution for the digital transformation of operational business processes through a collaborative convergence of technologies and strategies. It includes automating as many processes and tasks as possible in an organization. It is an intelligent integration of tools/technologies like RPA, Big Data and AI/ML, combined with digital and dynamic workflows, using iBPMS and a low-code/no-code development environment. These technologies are used by businesses to automate processes without requiring human intervention.

Gartner states that hyperautomation is an unavoidable market state. It has also been coined by Gartner as one of the top technology trends in 2022.

How is it different from Automation?
Typically, automation occurs at a smaller scale, addressing individual tasks with solutions. The term hyperautomation, however, refers to the use of several automated tools to automate tasks in order to achieve automation scales, such as machine learning and robotic process automation. Organizations today are looking to move beyond automation efforts to become more agile and resilient.

Hyperautomation emerged as there was a need for a more deliberate, organization-wide disciplined approach to automation, beyond automating business processes in silos. Hyperautomation is an extension of automation with an added layer of intelligence that allows machines or technologies and humans to work together to provide clients with value-centric services. Hyperautomation is also less expensive than other automation systems, which have a substantially higher total cost of ownership due to their fragmented nature.

How does Hyperautomation help an organization?
The advantages of hyperautomation are limitless. With digital transformation altering traditional business models and evolving customer expectations, enterprises need the right tools to elevate their resources from mundane repetitive tasks. Hyperautomation helps organizations relieve their critical resources from such tasks and make them technology partners and stakeholders in driving core business in an increasingly competitive landscape.

Since Hyperautomation brings the leading automation technologies on a single platform it enables simplifying, automating, and managing the complex workflows within an enterprise.

It can drive significant benefits across the value chain, including increased efficiencies, better customer experience, informed decision making, increase agility and optimized costs.

According to Gartner, by 2024, organizations will lower operational costs by 30% by combining hyperautomation technologies with redesigned operational processes.

Where can we use Hyperautomation?
The purpose of hyperautomation is to make things easier. Collecting all data and processes under a single platform will improve the efficiency of the entire business by combining tasks handled by different departments. Thus, it can be implemented across a wide range of industries, like healthcare, BFSI, Retail, and many more. To state a few examples, hyperautomation can help the healthcare industry provide a better patient-centric care experience with means such as remote monitoring and digital health assistance. Furthermore, inventory management and claims processing can also reduce a sizeable amount of time-consuming manual processing that comes with a heavy cost and labour.

Similarly, when it comes to the retail industry, businesses will find innumerable benefits like personalizing the shopping experience, reducing cart abandonment, warehousing & inventory, supplier management, risk management, and many more when they start leveraging hyperautomation.

How can JK Tech help companies in their Hyperautomation journey?
JK Tech enables companies to reap the benefits of digital transformation by employing hyperautomation that helps achieve high-performance levels. As your tech partner, we will help at every step of your hyperautomation journey. Our team of professionals will help you manage the full cycle of hyperautomation right from discovering automation opportunities to measuring the ROI & value realization.


OUR HYPERAUTOMATION SOLUTION FRAMEWORK
The journey towards Hyperautomation starts with Process and Technical Discovery which is mostly automated. This helps in identifying “white-spaces” or opportunities for Process Simplification, technological needs and automation requirements across business processes and departments.

Data Transformation: Foundation of Futuristic Business Strategy
Driving organizational performance and efficiency using data-driven insights.

Data Transformation

Tap into the potential of data to capture, curate, and utilize it at the point of need, in ways that you never thought possible before. JK Tech’s Data Transformation solution helps businesses improve operational efficiency and profitability. We support you in optimizing your business by leveraging customized Data Transformation technology which can yield the finest results. By employing data at the core of our solutions, we cater to industries including Retail & CPG, Healthcare, and Insurance, and help to take businesses one step ahead.

Pillars of Data Transformation
Values Delivered Through Data Transformation
Reduced total cost of ownership & increased revenue
Shorter turnaround time for insights
Data driven decisions
Reduced manual workload
Analytics-ready data
Data consolidation with critical metrics available for various departments
Why Choose Us?
JK Tech is a leader in Data Transformation technology. We offer a comprehensive solution that can help you unlock the true potential of your data. Our solutions are designed to help businesses leverage the power of data to improve operational efficiency and profitability. Our technology helps you to gain insights and make smarter decisions for your business. We provide comprehensive support and extensive resources to ensure the best possible results.

Data Transformation challenges that we help you to overcome are:

High cost & Skill gaps
Resistance from stakeholders
Lack of documentation
Intensiveness of resource
Misaligned transformations that may not suit business needs
Lack of standard methodologies, frameworks, templates, and guidelines
Data Transformation Framework
icon
Data Transformation FAQs
What is Data Transformation?
Data Transformation is a process that helps businesses to re-structure and optimize their data for better decision-making, increased efficiency, and improved customer experiences. It involves taking existing data, transforming it into a different format, and then cleansing and enriching it to make it easier to analyze and use. By transforming data, businesses can uncover hidden insights and gain a competitive edge that goes far beyond what the raw data can provide.

What are the uses of Data Transformation and its importance?
Data Transformation can help companies in various ways. Some of them are listed below:

Improve the quality of data.
Increase the level of accuracy.
Increase the efficiency of business processes.
Increase customer loyalty and satisfaction.
Up-to-date information.
Reduce costs.

How can Data Transformation help in your business transformation?
Data Transformation is an important part of any business transformation because it helps you get insights from all kinds of different sources. You can use it to pull in data from multiple sources, make sure that your data is stored in the right format, and then process it into something that can be used by other systems. The main reason why companies need to transform their data is that it helps them gain a better understanding of their business operations. Transforming raw data into structured and usable form helps you improve your internal processes and enhance customer experience.

 How can JK Tech help companies in their Data Transformation journey?
JK Tech offers comprehensive solutions for Data Transformation that enable you to transform raw data into valuable information that will help your organization deliver better products and services, increase revenue, reduce costs, and improve customer satisfaction. This is where JK Tech can help your company in its Data Transformation journey. We have years of experience in providing Data Transformation services, and we have developed cutting-edge technologies that make it easy for us to transform your organization’s data into actionable insights.

#DigitalEvolutionJourney #IntelligentEnterprise
APPLICATION
MODERNIZATION SERVICES
Does your enterprise struggle to cope up with the unpredictable changes that demand new levels of business resilience and agility to respond to market disruptions?

GET STARTED

Today, Application Modernization is no longer a choice for organizations, rather a necessity to survive and thrive. We understand this and therefore as a technology partner, we help you re-envision your business and modernize your IT landscape and infrastructure with the latest new-age technologies that result in higher efficiency and productivity while ensuring the highest levels of security.

We leverage our deep understanding of digital and enterprise technologies across industries combined with a design thinking approach, that helps to create and execute the value-driven modernization roadmap especially customized for your business landscape ensuring seamless and successful transformation initiatives.


Pink ArrowGreen ArrowYellow Arrow 
“The global Application Modernization Services Market size is expected to grow from USD 11.4 billion in 2020 to USD 24.8 billion by 2025, at a CAGR of 17% during the forecast period.”


How  CAN YOU LEVERAGE MODERNIZATION?
Re-Platform IconRe-Platform
Technology Platform and Version Upgrade​

Move to a new technology platform, Application/Database version upgrade​.

Re-Factor IconRe-Factor
New Front-end & New Biz Logic​, Micro frontend

Re-structure and optimize existing code without​ changing its external behaviour.​

Re-Host IconRe-Host​
Cloud Enablement​

Deploy the existing application or newly built components in Cloud or Hybrid environment in Cloud.​

Re-Build IconRe-Build​
Modular Monolith or Microservices​

Incrementally rebuild the application component while ensuring business continuity.

Blue ArrowWHY CHOOSE US
We have a robust partner ecosystem and a strong centre of excellence that aims to provide transformative and competitive business solutions, to make your application modernization journey smooth and seamless.

Our team of professional geeks will help you identify, assess and prioritize the key areas, applications and platforms in your business to accelerate your path to innovation, improved customer experiences and reduce cost and business complexities.

40+ SUCCESSFULLY DELIVERED PROJECTS ACROSS:
SAP MODERNIZATION
PROGRESS MODERNIZATION
QAD MODERNIZATION
Contact Us
JK Tech Logo
Blue ArrowVALUES DELIVERED THROUGH MODERNIZATION
ENTERPRISE ALIGNED WITH THE BUSINESS NEEDS​
OVERCOME LEGACY BARRIERS​
USER-FRIENDLY APPLICATION INTERFACE
SEAMLESS INTEGRATION OF ON-PREMISE AND CLOUD
DATA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY
BUSINESS STABILITY AND ENHANCED PERFORMANCE
ArrowAPPLICATION MODERNIZATION FAQS


What is Modernization?
Modernization means replacing the old legacy technologies with more innovative services that help transform and modernize the IT infrastructure which will alleviate the strain on human resources, give better customer experience and drive business growth.

Legacy core IT systems are often very expensive in terms of maintenance and have huge operational costs. The software also becomes obsolete quite quickly.

To solve the issue, IT modernization which is the re-engineering of business processes can be adopted. This enables innovation, agility, and the creation of new cultures. It also allows having control over various business processes and across various departments, which helps in business growth. It provides companies with the digital services, processes, and reliable business intelligence they need to develop new business models. IT simplification and optimization are the results of modernization.


Why is Modernization important for a business?
IT organizations that rely on legacy applications often face hurdles such as incompatibilities, unnecessary maintenance costs, and a shortage of legacy programmers. This impacts the organization's ability to effectively achieve full digital transformation. Fueling the flames is the integration challenge posed by legacy applications. Traditional applications are difficult to integrate with the latest technologies such as AI, IoT, and the cloud.

To cope with the volatile business scenario, organizations need technological innovations to meet ever-changing customer demands, improve operational efficiency, and contribute to employee satisfaction.

IT Modernization is the backbone of business transformation, and it is important for a business as old legacy systems have some constraints that do not allow businesses to grow. Such as:

Non-Responsive UI
Unstable and Inefficiency
Can’t use emerging technologies
Lack of information
Can’t deploy on cloud
Inflexible architecture
Security risk
Lack of information
Very costly to manage
Lack of user-friendliness


What are the benefits of Modernization to a business?
Today's highly digitized world is changing rapidly. Some technologies become obsolete overnight as new technologies hit the market every day. As technology becomes obsolete, many problems begin to occur, from bugs to lack of support and services, affecting businesses and their customers alike. This is where application modernization plays a key role. This is a solution to bring new life to monolithic applications.

The key benefits of modernization are:

Competitive Advantage: By working on application modernization while your competitors are pondering, you can enjoy the benefits of a good start. By modernizing your applications, you can boost your trust and increase your organization's digital adoption. Modernization allows organizations to integrate the latest platforms and technologies to keep up with competition.

Improved Compatibility: Interoperability improves by updating legacy applications with new-age technology. In addition, organizations can seamlessly integrate applications to meet current and future business needs.

Helps Improve Employee Productivity: In this digital age, everyone wants to upgrade with the latest technology. However, if you are still using older software or technology, employee satisfaction will be reduced, and productivity will be directly impacted. Employees get frustrated by doing the same repetitive work and it does not allow them to be productive. With access to the latest technology, developers and management staff may be more productive than ever before.

Enhanced Customer Experience: It can be both difficult and challenging to use outdated software. Customers may look to find one of your competitors due to bugs, glitches, and delayed application loading. Modern IT ecosystems, on the other hand, have a sophisticated user interface, crucial functionality, and new features. All of this contributes to increased consumer satisfaction and loyalty.

Improved Security: Legacy applications have many security measures that need to be monitored and updated in response to the latest cyber threats. Cyber-attacks can occur without a good security plan to protect your business and its data, and your customers and sensitive data can be lost. It saves a lot of money and provides top-notch security when a company switches to cloud-native applications.

Increase Revenue: Through modernization, businesses can increase their revenue. If a company decides to grow its business, it can add new services or processes that can add value to the needs of its customers. You can use application modernization to add new features or services, to improve the customer experience and increase revenue.



How can JK Tech help organizations achieve efficiency through Modernization?
As businesses are realizing the need to move towards modernization to keep pace with the increasing competition, they need a technology partner who can re-envision the entire business landscape and modernize the IT infrastructure.

JK Tech understands various technologies across enterprises and industries that can help improve efficiency and increase ROI by creating customized and seamless transformation initiatives.

JK Tech has successfully delivered projects across:

SAP Modernization
Progress Modernization
QAD Modernization


JUMPSTART YOUR DIGITAL JOURNEY
Digital Transformation
Hyperautomation
Data Transformation


DIGITAL SERVICES
Customer Experience
Data Analytics
Intelligent Automation
Cloud
Retail Analytics

ENTERPRISE SERVICES
Modernization
Progress
QAD

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION
SERVICES
Does your enterprise struggle to deliver a flawless digital experience that connects and resonates with your customers, employees and visitors?

We will help you navigate your digital transformation journey and unlock extraordinary experiences with a range of offerings.

Learn More
Digital Transformation Banner
OUR DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION PHILOSOPHY
JK Tech’s Digital Transformation Philosophy is to protect, optimize and transform customer’s technology landscape to support business growth and operational efficiencies where it matters.
Green Down Arrow
Blue ArrowOUR DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION FRAMEWORK
Our Digital Transformation (DT) framework is focussed towards aligning the digital solutions for enterprise goals and realizing ROI sooner. We help customers define their Digital Strategy , work with end-users for defining UX and User Acquisition process and deliver continuously (CI/CD).

Digital Transformation Framework

DIGITAL CENTRE OF EXCELLENCE
Our dedicated digital centre of excellence is equipped with highly experienced strategists and technologists in their respective technology area covering Mobile Architects, Web Architects, Senior UX Developers, Angular developers, AI/Automation enthusiasts and analytics experts.

DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION STRATEGY FOR TRANSFORMATIVE OUTCOMES
While businesses are moving towards digital transformation, they need an innovation partner that can turn their long-term vision of digital transformation into reality with the right strategies. As one of the leading Digital Transformation companies, we help you define your road map to success step by step and architect the right solutions and frameworks for sustainable innovation and superior experience.


 Explore OUR DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION SOLUTIONS
Customer Experience Banner
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
JK Tech helps in redesigning customer experience in various stages of customer journey like acquisition, engagement & retention and brings in customer analytics to gauge their perceptions and preferences.

Learn More  
DATA ANALYTICS
Your digital transformation requires a different mindset and increased flexibility. That’s why JK Tech Business Analytics solutions combine world-class business and technology patterns with market-disrupting innovation.

Learn More  
Data Analytics Banner
Intelligent Automation Banner
INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION
Our Intelligent Automation Centre of Excellence with a dynamic suite of Intelligent Automation tools, services, and expertise help you standardize, stabilize and accelerate and expand the automation horizon.

Learn More  
CLOUD
Our Cloud Solution help you experience an intelligent infrastructure that complements your enterprise and generates new avenues of revenue stream through disruptive cloud patterns and benefits.

Learn More  
Cloud Solutions Banner
ArrowDIGITAL TRANSFORMATION FAQS


What is Digital Transformation?
Digital Transformation is the process of employing digital solutions to create or modify business processes to meet changing business and market requirements. This involves leveraging technology to enable businesses to achieve growth through enhancing customer experience. The term is not only restricted to technology but delves deeper into formulating a strategy to propel organizations into the digital vanguard.

Gartner defines Digital Transformation as ‘anything from IT modernization (for example, cloud computing), to digital optimization, to the invention of new digital business models.’ The Gartner CIO Agenda 2021 highlighted that 69% of boards report accelerating digital business initiatives in response to COVID-19.

With the changing scenario, organizations adopt Digital Transformation to engage and serve their customers in a more efficient manner, improving their competitiveness in the market. Digital Transformation is imperative to preserve the business and the future of the business.


How is Digital Transformation different from Digitization and Digitalization?
Digitization is converting data and information into a digital form. This conversion into a digital format means that the information can be used by a computer system. This allows extracting information or data that can be processed and analyzed. This means that it also involves the automation of manual and paper-based processes.

On the other hand, Digitalization is employing technologies and digitized data to improve business operations. Digitalization cannot occur without digitization as it embraces the ability of digital technology to capture and assess data to make better business decisions and enable new business models.

Digital Transformation is the holistic implementation of technology across various processes involved in business to ensure fundamental changes. This results in increased efficiency, and improved business agility and thus ensures the satisfaction of employees, customers, and stakeholders. Digital Transformation involves a strategic approach that relies on the integration of digitized data and digitalized applications.


Why is Digital Transformation important for an organization?
Although Digital Transformation revolves around customer experience and has been around since the 1990s, it has evolved with the COVID-19 pandemic. Digital Transformation has become the focal point of operational efficiency and innovation in an organization. As the market dynamics are changing across industries, it has become imperative for organizations to streamline and digitalize operations in terms of the overall strategy of the business.

The need for organizations to re-develop their digital landscape and reinvent their operations through implementing Digital Transformation lead to improved customer acquisition and satisfaction. In the current situation, an organization that does not transform itself digitally to meet the demands of the business landscape will struggle to survive.

Digital Transformation can also be seen as business transformation as it drastically changes the way an organization functions bringing in more transparency and order. A Forrester Consulting research study commissioned by Accenture Interactive found that the key drivers of Digital Transformation are profitability, customer satisfaction, and increased speed-to-market.


What are the key benefits of adopting Digital Transformation for businesses?
It is important for businesses to well understand the benefits that Digital Transformation can bring along. Some of the key advantages are listed below-

Increased Operational Efficiency:: By employing Digital Transformation, an organization’s efficiency will improve as the process gets automated. With a digital approach, businesses can deploy modern technologies like machine learning and artificial intelligence. This results in processing data efficiently and providing more insightful results. This eventually aids in offering more effective services to customers.

Increased Productivity: Digital Transformation helps to achieve better productivity as smart technology solutions help businesses maintain their digital transition. The solutions assist in automating specific operations to reduce manual labour, lower expenses, make employee jobs easier, and improve service delivery. This eventually increases productivity.

Improved Customer Experience: Modern customers expect organizations to operate transparently and offer services with a quick turnaround time. The quality of services determines how regularly customers use a service. The use of the right technology solution help in attracting and retaining customers by offering an impeccable experience.

Increased Revenue: A study conducted by MIT found that companies that have embraced Digital Transformation are 26% more profitable than their competitors. As Digital Transformation enables access to cloud systems which help improve customer experience, it eventually results in increasing the revenue of the organization.



What are the solutions offered by JK Tech to enable the Digital Transformation journey for businesses?
As businesses are moving towards Digital Transformation, they need a technology partner that can formulate the right strategy with respect to innovative solutions to achieve organizational goals. As a leading provider of innovative IT solutions, JK Tech can assist businesses with high-end solutions for a superior customer experience. The solutions offered by us include-

Customer Experience
Data Analytics
Intelligent Automation
Cloud

CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Creating Customer Experience that Exceeds Expectations


CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
In this era of digital disruption and cut-throat competition, Digital Customers Experience is a key to engaging with the customers and fostering a strong and loyal relationship. Customers have a plethora of options to choose from, this makes customer experience paramount to improve the brand experience and grow the business. It is therefore crucial for every organization to nurture dynamic customer interests and promote customer satisfaction by creating a seamless and Omni-channel experience.

Customer Experience Solutions
With its customer-centric approach, JK Tech understands that the value of customer experience not only lies in “what” we deliver rather “how” we deliver and therefore, we are persistently working on exploring the new horizon of customer engagement and committed to transforming the end-to-end digital customer experience journey.

Our Customer Experience strategy is driven by four key pillar termed as” PURE” – Personalization (personalized service to customers and customer personas), Usability (ease of use and user-friendliness of the features), Reachability (availability of customer-preferred channels) and Engagement (engaging customers with brand and service).

DATA ANALYTICS
JK Tech Business Analytics solutions combine world-class business and technology patterns with market-disrupting innovation.


DATA ANALYTICS SERVICES
Diverse business operations and technology applications result in diverse data, to leverage it to the business advantage, the business analytics solutions need to be redefined to a smarter mechanism. We help you harness the incredibly powerful business analytics capability, by exploring new ways to combine a high-performance blend of insights, forecasting, visualization, advanced analytics, and more.

Business Data Analytics Solutions
The Analytics-driven insights need to focus on a variety of adaptable mythologies which can be mended to the business processes and improve efficiency. JK Tech Smart analytics has created an enterprise-wide analytics culture with deep industry knowledge experts to redefine business ecosystems with new-age technologies and tools to the ever-challenging customer demands.

Our Business Analytics solutions are aimed at helping organizations to draw insights from past data, react proactively in real-time to evolving business needs and predict trends for the future. The accurate data insights optimize the business operations and improve business performance and productivity levels while delivering data-driven experiences for better engagement with the end customers.


HOW CAN WE HELP?
JK Tech provides a full suite of data, analytics and insights-related services and solutions to enterprise-level entities to address their business challenges and map data assets to drive value.

INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION
Driving Superior Business Excellence and Innovation through Intelligent Automation


INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION
In this era of digital disruption, Intelligent Automation acts as a key catalyst for accelerating digital transformation and enabling a paradigm shift towards a ‘smarter’ organisation. Augmenting human intelligence with intelligent automation unleashes a new wave of innovation that delivers differentiated customer value and expands business possibilities. Our intelligent automation services allow organizations to streamline business workflows beyond the scope of traditional automation technologies.

Business Process Automation Services
With its industry-centric next-generation solutions, JK Tech is committed to making a significant contribution to this digital future by enabling businesses to automate business processes and make informed decisions with data-driven analytics using intelligent automation with integration with machine learning, and artificial intelligence as needed.

Our Intelligent Automation Centre of Excellence with a dynamic suite of Intelligent Automation tools, services, and expertise help you standardize, stabilize and accelerate and expand the automation horizon— thereby, optimizing workforce productivity, redefining the business process management landscape and empowering the end-to-end journey of business process automation.


HOW INTELLIGENT AUTOMATION CAN HELP?
Intelligent Automation is a holistic solution for the digital transformation of the operational business processes through a collaborative convergence of technologies and strategies.


“As per Gartner, by 2024, organizations will lower operational costs by 30% by combining Hyperautomation technologies with redesigned operational processes.”

GARTNER

SOLUTION OFFERINGS
JK Tech has a certified center of Excellence with certified & trained practitioners. We have built 800+ automation, 25+ in-house solutions and served more than 30+ Clients.

CLOUD
Re-imagine a value-driven strategy to drive speed, innovation and transformation


CLOUD SERVICES
The future belongs to the cloud,  therefore more and more companies are recognising the possibilities and business opportunities offered by modern cloud services and solutions. We help enterprises with their cloud transformation journey to drive business acceleration and enable a superior digital experience leveraging our proven delivery framework, robust partner ecosystem and industry expertise. Our team of experts delivers highly effective services that provide organizations with a competitive edge.

Cloud Services & Solutions at JK Tech
We know that every organization has its unique business requirements, therefore we help you embrace a cloud model that is specially tailored to meet your organization’s ever-changing needs and allows you to scale up. As a cloud-enabled organization, you will experience an intelligent infrastructure that complements your enterprise and generates new avenues of revenue stream through disruptive cloud patterns and benefits.

We leverage our strategic partnerships to help you strengthen your digital leadership through cloud transformation and innovation. Our strong understanding of scaling your business while it navigates the complex cloud landscape will help you make the best use of this digital backbone to achieve your goals faster.


OUR MODERNIZATION FRAMEWORK POWERED BY CLOUD
Our Cloud enablement services help you deploy the existing application or newly built components in Cloud or Hybrid environment

“Gartner predicts that by 2025, 80 per cent of enterprises will migrate entirely away from on-premises data centres with the current trend of moving workloads to colocation, hosting and the cloud leading them to shut down their traditional data centre.”

GARTNER

OUR SERVICE OFFERINGS
Our Service offerings help you with end-to-end support from professionals in cloud transformation with a clear understanding of challenges, POCs, and planning of the roadmap to success.


OUR PROCESS
1
DISCOVER
Discovering the Business and Technology Factors

 
2
ASSESS
Assessing the Business and Technology Values

 
3
STRATEGISE
Deciding the right cloud strategy and plan for your business

 
4
DELIVER
An agile delivery model with a  proven track record in terms of investment and execution

 
5
VALUE REALIZATION
Analysing the value delivered against agreed ROI


CLIENT TESTIMONIAL
Mansfield Energy Corp.

Quotes
I have found JK Tech to be a professional and flexible partner in providing reliable, strong technical consultants and the associated resourcing processes which retain domain and application knowledge. JK Tech has proved to be a true partner who understands our business and our changing business circumstances. JK Tech has always been there and willing to share the risk to overcome each business challenge.

TRANSFORM EVERY RETAIL MOMENT WITH SMART ANALYTICS
Are you like most retailers who have loads of data, but lack a smart solution & strategy to drive it into profitable business decisions?

Talk to Our Experts
Retail Analytics Banner
   
JK Tech has been transforming retailers by helping them unleash the potential of fragmented, dispersed & underutilized data to achieve business excellence.

Business environments are changing rapidly with the changing consumer behavior. And the retail industry is no less with technological & other macro-economic disruptions driving the need for transformation across Merchandising, Supply Chain, Marketing, Store Operations & Customer Experience. Today’s retail landscape is predominantly shaped by demanding customers who seek convenience, customization, consistency and value delivered at every touchpoint.

You are at a crucial juncture reimagining your relationships with customers through data-driven insights and setting the bar high for the competitors.
   
"Global Retail Analytics market projected and growth from USD 5.84bn in 2021 to USD 18.33bn in 2028 at a CAGR of 17.7%”


WHAT DOES RETAIL ANALYTICS HAVE IN STORE FOR YOU?
Success depends on data-driven insights, decisions & optimization solutions delivered relevant to the personas.

Let us know if this is one of your Challenges?

Retail Typical Challenges
While retailers have access to an abundance of data to help them sail the complex retail landscape, but lack of a strong data strategy and the absence of smart analytics solutions make enterprise-wide data insights and retail business transformation a challenge.

Advanced Analytics offers a 360-degree view of customers through which retailers can make tailored offers & recommendations based on behavioural traits, preferences and peer group insights.

Right from investigating supply chain movements, customer demands, patterns, sales, inventory levels and other retail functions, Advanced Analytics enables business decisions to be precise and objective for all key retail business processes, by providing data-driven insights.


OUR OFFERINGS AT YOUR ADVANTAGE
Our offerings are well aligned to the 3 key dimensions of taking retailers fast ahead in the Next Normal.

Retail Service Offerings at JK Tech
   

OUR SOLUTION ACCELERATORS ENABLE YOU WITH FASTER GO-TO-MARKET

Demand Forecasting
Assess and understand accurately customer demand patterns for your products with the help of predictive analytics models.


Inventory Optimization
Balance the working capital tied up in inventory with immaculate data-driven strategies and service-level goals across SKUs & stores.


Complete Sales Intelligence
Address business and operational queries from cross-functional departments with readily available reports in an interactive dashboard.

Drivers Modeling Icon
Drivers Modeling
Analyzing drivers of demand from internal & external sources.


Sales Planning
Optimizing for each market/store for each product.


Data Consolidation
Identifying the right sources and building the database with sufficient history.


Replenishment Planning
To minimize market/store level inventory without losing sales opportunities.


Forecast Model Building
Using econometrics, time series and machine learning techniques.

   
Our experts bring in a vast base of knowledge and years of practical experience to help you with the end-to-end data to decision cycle — from strategy to implementation, so you can make the best use of data and leverage it to solve complex business problems and find even greater success in the competitive landscape.

PROGRESS SERVICES
We are a Progress Service Delivery Partner and a market leader in providing end-to-end business application, database, integration and legacy transformation services to end-users across multiple industries. We offer specialized capabilities across key verticals, including Automotive, Wholesale, CPG, Manufacturing, Healthcare, High-tech Software and Insurance. Our niche solutions across Modernization help improve performance and create lasting value across the enterprises.

Progress Software Development & Solutions at JK Tech
For over two decades, JK Tech has advised, designed and built next-generation enterprise software and digital platforms on Progress OpenEdge and other Progress platforms. Our well-trained team of 300+ Progress consultants across technical and functional domains expertise in Progress products, including OpenEdge and Dev Tools. We offer Progress Modernization for Cloud Enablement, Technology Platform &Version upgrade, Microservices, and Front-End UI.

Our capabilities and services focus on using a well-designed, industry-proven framework (ability to transform CHUI/GUI-based application to Web, mobile enablement). We have focused on DBA services 24×7 to manage customer application/database infrastructure, automation testing framework for Progress OpenEdge application, and Mature Delivery Model with the flexibility to meet demand-supply in the projects.

Arrow
OUR VALUE PROPOSITION
300+
Progress Professionals

100+
Happy Customers in Progress & Related Technologies

27
Years of Strategic Partnership with Progress

150+
Successful Projects

Arrow
EXPERIENCE THE POTENTIAL OF MODERNIZATION LEVERAGING PROGRESS
We ensure that your existing applications meet the ever-changing business demands by enhancing user experience, innovation, improved functionalities and business automation. Our aim is to help you drive growth, productivity and profit out of your existing application without having any risk and disruption to your business. Our team of experts, including programmers, database experts and UI/UX consultants, work closely with our client to assess, advise and implement strategies that can transform the goals into reality.

"We have served over 100+ customers in Progress and are committed to expanding coverage in progress technologies and related product lines"

27 YEARS OF JK TECH & PROGRESS ASSOCIATION

QAD ERP SERVICES
We are one of the largest QAD service providers with two decades of expertise in offering QAD enterprise software (ERP) services to clients across the globe and complex market segments. In a world of rapidly evolving technologies and dynamic market standards, enterprises need innovative enterprise software (ERP) solutions and leverage enterprise technology to solve today’s complex market business challenges.

QAD Consulting & Implementation Services at JK Tech
Our proven QAD ERP services work parallel with your technology to optimize your journey of efficient enterprise by planning, designing, and managing your systems simultaneously. Our strategic partnership with QAD empowers us to help you accomplish the vision of being a robust, optimized, and intelligent enterprise. Our QAD ERP practice has matured over the past 20 years while working with Fortune 500 companies across various industries and undertaking QAD ERP business process design & implementation, consulting, support and managed services. JK Tech has added value to several customers by providing QAD ERP-specific enablers for improving operational efficiency and user experience.

Our unique modernization offering is backed by JK Tech’s 4-R framework that enables customers to embark on their digital transformation journey. We have proven and industry-acknowledged experience in the QAD product portfolio, predominantly in QAD/Integration Modernization and AMS. Our team of 300+ consultants are highly experienced and certified in QAD enterprise (ERP) implementation, consulting, support, and managed services across manufacturing, automotive, life-science, industrial products, food & beverages and consumer goods industries.


OUR 4R MODERNIZATION FRAMEWORK
   

Upgrade unsupported version of QAD/Middleware/add-on applications to long-term support version without disrupting business operations; migrate from Solaris/HP-UX/SLES or Windows to Redhat Linux.​


Lift-shift migration to QAD/Non-Cloud & On-premise.​


Building ISV products and bespoke business applications.​

Re-Factor Icon
Re-Factor​

Modernise application user interface to provide a better engaging experience.

OUR SUCCESS STORIES
Accelerating operational efficiency and agility through innovative Data, Analytics, and Hyperautomation for Healthcare & Life Sciences, Retail & CPG, and Insurance businesses.


Industries
 
Solution
 
Services

Digitally Transformation multiple business functions to reduce manual efforts, provide productivity boost, and reduce client costs.


Modernizing the Purchase Order and Approval system to streamline procurement resulting in the financial stability of the business


Enabling Digital Transformation by addressing the major operational challenges faced by the client


Enabling Business Transformation by eliminating stock mismatch reconciliation, increasing stock accuracy, and reducing financial risk.


JK Tech helps an industrial manufacturer optimize operations and increase revenue with QAD EE Implementation


Streamlining & Automating Manual Efforts for a Seamless HITRUST Certification and Re-certification Process


Improving Process Time and Integration Through Bulk Update Automation


Automating Financial Reporting by Leveraging Qlik Sense


OpenEdge PEGA PRPC Integration Helps Reduce Claim Administration Costs and Claim Processing Time


Designing a Windows Service to Remove the Dependency on SonicMQ


SAP Complete WM: Automation and AIS Integration Increases the Efficiency of Consignment Loading by 80%


Empowering Patient-centricity with Enhanced Electronic Medical Records (EMR) Application


AS400 TO QAD 2016 EE Re-implementation Direct Purchasing System


Integrating Microsoft Azure’s Cloud Capabilities & Progress Legacy Application for an Effective Vendor Management Process


QAD ERP Implementation Enhances Visibility of Operations and Performance by 70%


Enabling a Seamless Claims Management Process with a Progress Based Integrated Claims Administration System


Enhancing Digital Experience by Transforming a Progress Based ERP System


QAD Application Management Support and Employee Onboarding Process Automation


Application Managed Services for a Multinational Automotive Company


Automation of Report Generation and Data Maintenance in SAP leveraging RPA


Web-based Inventory Tracking System


Automating Procurement with RPA


ServiceNow Implementation for a Leading Retailer in Healthcare Products


Management of Business Transition & IT Landscape for a Leading Credit Management Company


Re-engineered the Milk Procurement Process for a Leading Dairy Company Through SAP Supported Solution


Management of Business Transition & IT Landscape for a Leading Women Owned Milk Producer Company


Modernizing the IT Systems Using the Latest SaaS Digital Technologies


Automating and Optimizing the Bank Reconciliation Process with RPA


Multi Depot System: A Flexible & Efficient Solution for Warehouse Management


Effective Order Management System to Seamlessly Manage the Retail Life Cycle


Enhanced User Experience and Performance Optimization for a Leader in Rail E-Commerce


USA Based Retail Company Doubles its Direct Commerce Business Across 600 Stores


Organization Restructuring & Process Automation Fuels Business Growth & Expansion


Self Service MIS Reporting System


Automating Sales Reporting Process Leveraging Robotic Process Automation


Smarter Customer Support with Computer Telephony Integration


Automating the Sales Promotion Analytics Using an AI Recommendation Engine for Enhanced Operational Efficiency


Efficient Supply Chain Management for a Leading Cold Chain Logistics Service Provider


The 10 Years’ Association of JK Tech with a Leading Energy Supply Chain Solutions Provider


Transforming Business Operations Leveraging Latest Microsoft Technologies, BizTalk & Azure Logic Apps


SAP IS-Retail Implementation & Support


Enhanced Efficiency for Duty Allocation and Management Software


Modernizing Electronic Health Record & Practice Management Application for Enhanced Customer Experience


Predictive Modeling Using Corticon BRMS


Comprehensive Care Management Leveraging Real-Time Analytics

Transforming Business Operations Leveraging Latest Microsoft Technologies, BizTalk & Azure Logic Apps
A leading supply chain management solutions company migrates to SharePoint online portal and automates the task of Freight Forwarding & Distributions for a better user experience.

Transforming Business Operations Leveraging Latest Microsoft Technologies
Dot
The Client
The client is a leading supply chain management company delivering its customers a unique combination of global logistics, packaging optimization and materials sourcing solutions. It offers services of materials that optimize the supply of a product, packaging that can optimize the effectiveness of the product promotion and logistics that makes it a truly unique provider of supply chain management solutions.

Dot
The Challenges
The client decided to go on to SharePoint online rather than upgrading the on-premise version ad to leverage the PowerApps feature of Office 365.

 

The major challenges involved in the migration to share point online were to redesign the existing process that was based on the legacy system into Office 365. There was a need to migrate data from multiple locations such as SharePoint On-Premise, file servers, shared drives, etc. In addition, the client mainly dealt with material sourcing, global logistics and packaging optimization, hence the solution aimed to be delivered in an efficient way and to enhance performance. The processes were needed to be automated.

 

On the other hand, the challenges involved in Freight Forwarding and Distributions were:

 

Paperwork and manual process for the creation of shipments, sending shipment statuses, invoicing, etc. in SCM Application.
In order to expand the customer base system, need to Integrate with new trading partners who were using the standard and custom EDI (X12, EDIFACT) formats which is the most widely used standard in B2B scenarios.
A lot of customization was required to be done in order to create custom complex schemas (Flat File and XML) using the sample files provided by the external Partners, which was time taking and not efficient and easy to maintain in case of any changes.
Processing of different Excel Templates with custom .NET code in runtime.
For many trading partners based on business requirements, multiple output files must be produced against the received Source File which was quite a complex process.
banner
Dot
The Objective
It is vital for a supply chain management organization to keep up with the changing dynamics in the global economy and pioneer with solutions that innovate, optimize costs, and improve the profitability of the business. The client being a leader in supply chain solution provider sought a technology partner that would combine the best practices with the latest technology to provide comprehensive supply chain services to transform the operations and provide excellent services to their customers.

 

The two major objectives were:

 

Migration to SharePoint Online Portal:
Migration from SharePoint On-premise to SharePoint Online, making it a more feature-rich and modern look and feel.
To make the online portal mobile-friendly comprising of graphical reports & dashboards.
Development of Mobile Apps.
Automation of manual processes.
 

Management of Freight Forwarding & Distributions:
To automate the task of managing the supply chain using BizTalk.
A generic framework for all end users that can be deployed at various environments that communicates with customers, vendors, partners, and suppliers.
Dot
The Solution
The Solution implemented for Migration to share point online portal:
JK Tech as solution partner successfully migrated from SharePoint 2010 to SharePoint Online making it feature-rich and adding functionalities like SharePoint online modern sites and creating SharePoint Framework web parts for custom functionalities. The mobile app for “Travel expense approval”, “Wire transfer request” & many others were developed using Power Apps. SharePoint was made more user-friendly and provided with a detailed report comprising of PowerBI reports & dashboards. The approvers now could take action using a desktop or mobile device. There were customized themes for different department sites. The mobile app’s users can access mobile apps using any device to submit different approvals requests.
In addition, the manual process to upload the files in the SCM application was automated using Microsoft Flow, and integration was done with other applications.

 
Migration to SharePoint Online

Fig 1: Migration to SharePoint Online


 
The Solution implemented for the management of Freight Forwarding & Distributions:
The management of freight forwarding and distribution required synchronization of demand and supply and creating a robust system for efficient delivery of goods.
 
JK Tech implemented an automation framework using BizTalk and Azure Logic Apps that could handle all the message transactions between the client’s application and Trading Partners. The app configured client data format along with the source, destination, parties and agreements. In addition, a customized and standardized EDI solution was being used for multiple trading partners. The communication was made possible for different Trading Partners. The status of the transaction was recorded properly and in case of failure, the reason was also stated. By the Implementation of Azure Cloud Logic Apps, the client developed a capability of public and private API Service Offerings to its existing and new trading partners.
 
Migration to Azure cloud enhanced the capabilities of business users and product owners by providing a real-time view of transactions by integrating with Power BI Dashboard. In addition, using Microsoft Power Automate a process was built, which gave users the capability to re-process any required transactions. Any required failure notification alert was being notified to the Microsoft Teams channel and routed to the Support Portal for immediate action without much delay.
Freight Forwarding Workflow using Biztalk and Azure Logic Apps

Fig 2: Freight Forwarding Workflow using Biztalk and Azure Logic Apps (Process Flow Showing ANSI X12 standards for EDI and REST/JSON API)


 
Integration Process flow (Using Azure Logic)
Fig 3: Integration Process flow (Using Azure Logic)


The Benefits
The overall increase in efficiency was up to 30-40 percent, post implementing the solution.
The solution provided was flexible and competent as it was based on the latest Microsoft technologies like SharePoint Online, PowerApps Flow.
The migration process (from OnPrem To Cloud) is proving to be very cost-effective, scalable and is capable to generate reports timely to the business.
The share point online portal was now mobile-friendly and available with a more comprehensible view for both desktop & mobile devices.
Using BizTalk Integration lot of paperwork processes communication was now done electronically, therefore saving a huge cost both in terms of time and resources and proved to be very efficient and reliable.
Integrating PowerBI with Logic App (Streaming Services) has again saved huge costs to the client in terms of resources and time. (Initially, the developer had to write custom SQL to pull out the required reports requiring a lot of time).
The PowerBI provided with a graphical representation of data for easy understanding.
The solution was compliant with the quality standard and was customized to cater to the client’s needs, hence enhancing customer satisfaction.
Public API Service Offerings enhanced business capabilities.

SAP IS-Retail Implementation & Support
A leading provider of Retail Solutions transforms its business delivery model for better business continuity and customer satisfaction.

SAP IS-Retail Implementation & Support
Dot
The Client
The client is a software company which is specialized in providing retail technology and store-level solutions. In addition, they also provide IT managed services which include private cloud hosting and service desk services for retail sector companies.

Dot
The Challenges
The client comprised of a unique and powerful portfolio solution that offered an integrated solution across selling touchpoints such as PoS, Mobile, BYOD, eCommerce, and many more. It created a seamless shopping experience and was regarded by its customers as one of the industry’s most comprehensive enterprise platforms for retail companies.

 

With its growing retail customer base in recent years, the client wanted to deliver solutions at a faster pace without compromising on quality and innovation. Thus, they desired a complete transformation in the delivery of the business as well as ensuring better business continuity and customer satisfaction.

banner
Dot
The Objective
With a vision to be a reliable technology partner, the client aimed at strengthening their retail capabilities in areas of customer experience and customer engagement.

 

The client sought to enhance its agility and reliability in providing retail technological solutions, with the help of an experienced and reliable implementation partner with a retail enterprise solution implementation expertise for SAP-IS Retail implementations.

Dot
The Solution
JK Tech as a solution partner helped the client with the development and implementation of SAP IS Retail. The project started with the development of rapid-deployment solutions for IS retail implementations. In addition, it involved Point of Sales (POS) integrations with key business processes such as Merchandise Lifecycle, Supply Chain Management, and Store and Multi-Channel management; followed by comprehensive integration testing for IS Retail implementations.

 

The quick and efficient deployment of solutions ensured business continuity planning. This transformation in the area of business delivery made the client a reliable, quicker, and efficient retail solution provider.

 

We also helped the client with managing end-to-end integration testing for over 110 business scenarios involving over 5 third-party systems.

 
System Integration Diagram - SAP Retail Business
Fig: System Integration Diagram – SAP Retail Business

Dot
The Benefits
The transformed business deliver strategy, improved the business continuity and helped the client enhance the reliability and agility in terms of delivering business to its customer.
We also helped the client with managing end-to-end integration testing for over 110 business scenarios involving over 5 third-party systems.
The client has benefitted in developing 11 end-to-end business process rapid deployment templates.
The transformation helped the client in building trust and strengthening loyalty among its customers.
Leveraging expertise strategy has ensured improved efficiencies across the organization and built better consumer experiences.
DotHappy Customer
Batheiah B
HEAD - IT

quote
Embassy Property Developments Private Limited
"We realized over the last two years that RPA can be a powerful tool to drive transformation, helping us automate business processes. The embassy group chose JK Tech as the preferred RPA implementation partner. Partnering with JK Tech, Embassy has already automated several processes ranging in procurement, finance, HR and IT domains.

JK Tech has successfully enabled our automation journey driving both qualitative and quantitative process improvements as well as ensuring a sustainable way forward. Working with JK Tech, we are able to gain more than 60% productivity so far in terms of both time savings and efficiency improvements."


Enhanced Efficiency for Duty Allocation and Management Software
Development and Integration of Duty Management and Driver Allocation System – a self-service portal for fleet managers and staff results in 95% more efficiency.

Enhanced Efficiency for Duty Allocation and Management
Dot
The Client
The Group is a 25-year-old organization that works with public transit agencies and their communities to develop and deliver solutions for smarter and effective public transit. The UK subsidiary of the Group provides transportation solutions for fixed route, rail and paratransit transportation.

Dot
The Challenges
Managing workforce and operations become difficult when it comes to managing thousands of employees, including drivers, mechanics and field staff. Daily tasks and duties need to be assigned in accordance with union rules and road traffic laws and regulations. Moreover, vacation requests, sick leaves, unexpected shifts, conflict management and any other last-minute changes need to be addressed while supervising the staff.

 

In addition, DAS solution demanded to be abreast with the changing business environment and commanded growth both functionally as well as on the technical front. It was essential that the solution supported a real-time dashboard for the management and senior stakeholders in the organization for quick decisioning, ensuring:

 

Reduced human errors and high scheduling efficiency.
Improved Public Service.
Real-time updates.
Integration of time-keeping and payroll.
Daily processes’ automation to assign drivers with respective buses.
Managing the organizations’ employees.
banner
Dot
The Objective
Duty Management and Driver Allocation Software (DAS) is the driver and duty management tool, designed to minimize staff costs, overtime payments, reduce allocation wastage and ensure compliance with the “Road Traffic Act” when allocating work to drivers. The software reduces costs, makes the most of available staff and solves the challenges faced by the public transport industry.

 

The client was seeking support for its DAS software, a product that they added to their portfolio post-acquisition of a leading provider of employee management systems to the UK transport industry. The product specifically tailored for public transport witnessed a user-base of around 40,000 staff of more than 30,000 buses carrying 12 million passengers every day. In addition, it was desired the solution ensures timely departure of a bus from depot to improve the quality and reliability of the service to the public while avoiding government penalties.

Dot
The Solution
A typical day in the life of a fleet manager includes maintaining compliance with company policies and procedures, ensuring adherence to applicable laws and regulations, record-keeping, staff management, scheduling, routing, maintaining, and tracking transport vehicles, supplier management and resolving disputes. It is vital to analyze the effectiveness of operations and implementing and enforcing transportation scheduling and policy changes for seamless transport service to the public.

 

We have been associated with the client for developing Duty Management and Driver Allocation System – a self-service portal for fleet managers, drivers, mechanics, field staff, yard personnel, and dispatchers. The 13-year engagement has been focused to offer a competitive product for leading transport companies in the UK, making passengers’ lives easier.

 

The solution developed on Progress Software version 9.1 focuses on providing the client’s end customers with a platform for seamless operations management; to manage public transit operations including scheduling of hundreds of employees, frequent sign-ups, complex pay rules and agreements, last-minute absences, mechanical problems and other challenges.

 

JK Tech skilled resources ensured end-to-end application development and integration with scheduling, payroll, HR systems, maintenance systems, etc. In addition, the platform supported handling updates in real-time, automating time-consuming labor-intensive tasks including sign-ups, driver check-in/check-out, etc., which resulted in improved response time to unexpected events. Proper step-by-step workflow management was maintained to streamline and speed up the internal process with reduced errors and minimal re-work.

 
Duty Allocation System Product Workflow
Figure 1: Duty Allocation System Product Workflow


 
Supported Modules

Automated Allocation
Employee Self-Service
Employee Scheduling
Driver Sign-on
Payroll Rules



Our Technological Expertise

Progress Dynamics
ADM2
Web Speed
Node JS
Android
IOS
Angular
Java
 

We also facilitated quality development and deliveries by managing incidents and change requests effectively. Our zero-defect deployment ensured the speedy implementation of new functionalities and improved performance of modules such as automated allocation, employee self-service, employee scheduling, driver sign-on, payroll, cost adjustment & reconciliation and appointment and process management significantly. In addition, the creation and updating of the centralized knowledge base supported easy onboarding.

Dot
The Benefits
Optimized Resources & Control Costs – Efficiently managing employees, assigning assets, analyzing the cost-effectiveness of employees. The changes made by the team in the application reduced the runtime of the loader from 510 min to just 24 min, making it 95% more efficient.
Deliver Value Through IT Investments – Application development of Progress version 9.1 seamlessly integrating different modules – HR systems, Payroll, Scheduling, etc. supported with analytics and reporting resulted in accurate data inputs to showcase reports in near real-time.
Enhanced Customer Experience – Single sign-on for the operator and employee showcases their respective views and related data to plan their day better followed by transparency in the availability and allocation of work i.e. fleet managers had a clear picture of drivers’ working hours and drivers could get clear visibility of available work, ensuring fair distribution of holidays and overtime for them; ensuring smooth public service.
Better Information for Better Decision Making – Real-time dashboard reporting enabled the clients’ customers to monitor and measure performance and metrics in real-time. The end-customers could visualize and analyze data on 15 parameters including rostered duty hours, basic hours, rostered non-driving hours, overtime, unsocial hours training, absence maternity/paternity, staff borrowed in/out, etc., and focus on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) across the organization on a dashboard, helping them gain valuable insights and drive quick and accurate decisions.
DotHappy Customer
The Client
Technical Director

quote
Very Good mixing with the team, productivity was high, and communication was very good.

Enhanced Efficiency for Duty Allocation and Management Software
Development and Integration of Duty Management and Driver Allocation System – a self-service portal for fleet managers and staff results in 95% more efficiency.

Enhanced Efficiency for Duty Allocation and Management
Dot
The Client
The Group is a 25-year-old organization that works with public transit agencies and their communities to develop and deliver solutions for smarter and effective public transit. The UK subsidiary of the Group provides transportation solutions for fixed route, rail and paratransit transportation.

Dot
The Challenges
Managing workforce and operations become difficult when it comes to managing thousands of employees, including drivers, mechanics and field staff. Daily tasks and duties need to be assigned in accordance with union rules and road traffic laws and regulations. Moreover, vacation requests, sick leaves, unexpected shifts, conflict management and any other last-minute changes need to be addressed while supervising the staff.

 

In addition, DAS solution demanded to be abreast with the changing business environment and commanded growth both functionally as well as on the technical front. It was essential that the solution supported a real-time dashboard for the management and senior stakeholders in the organization for quick decisioning, ensuring:

 

Reduced human errors and high scheduling efficiency.
Improved Public Service.
Real-time updates.
Integration of time-keeping and payroll.
Daily processes’ automation to assign drivers with respective buses.
Managing the organizations’ employees.
banner
Dot
The Objective
Duty Management and Driver Allocation Software (DAS) is the driver and duty management tool, designed to minimize staff costs, overtime payments, reduce allocation wastage and ensure compliance with the “Road Traffic Act” when allocating work to drivers. The software reduces costs, makes the most of available staff and solves the challenges faced by the public transport industry.

 

The client was seeking support for its DAS software, a product that they added to their portfolio post-acquisition of a leading provider of employee management systems to the UK transport industry. The product specifically tailored for public transport witnessed a user-base of around 40,000 staff of more than 30,000 buses carrying 12 million passengers every day. In addition, it was desired the solution ensures timely departure of a bus from depot to improve the quality and reliability of the service to the public while avoiding government penalties.

Dot
The Solution
A typical day in the life of a fleet manager includes maintaining compliance with company policies and procedures, ensuring adherence to applicable laws and regulations, record-keeping, staff management, scheduling, routing, maintaining, and tracking transport vehicles, supplier management and resolving disputes. It is vital to analyze the effectiveness of operations and implementing and enforcing transportation scheduling and policy changes for seamless transport service to the public.

 

We have been associated with the client for developing Duty Management and Driver Allocation System – a self-service portal for fleet managers, drivers, mechanics, field staff, yard personnel, and dispatchers. The 13-year engagement has been focused to offer a competitive product for leading transport companies in the UK, making passengers’ lives easier.

 

The solution developed on Progress Software version 9.1 focuses on providing the client’s end customers with a platform for seamless operations management; to manage public transit operations including scheduling of hundreds of employees, frequent sign-ups, complex pay rules and agreements, last-minute absences, mechanical problems and other challenges.

 

JK Tech skilled resources ensured end-to-end application development and integration with scheduling, payroll, HR systems, maintenance systems, etc. In addition, the platform supported handling updates in real-time, automating time-consuming labor-intensive tasks including sign-ups, driver check-in/check-out, etc., which resulted in improved response time to unexpected events. Proper step-by-step workflow management was maintained to streamline and speed up the internal process with reduced errors and minimal re-work.

 
Duty Allocation System Product Workflow
Figure 1: Duty Allocation System Product Workflow


 
Supported Modules

Automated Allocation
Employee Self-Service
Employee Scheduling
Driver Sign-on
Payroll Rules



Our Technological Expertise

Progress Dynamics
ADM2
Web Speed
Node JS
Android
IOS
Angular
Java
 

We also facilitated quality development and deliveries by managing incidents and change requests effectively. Our zero-defect deployment ensured the speedy implementation of new functionalities and improved performance of modules such as automated allocation, employee self-service, employee scheduling, driver sign-on, payroll, cost adjustment & reconciliation and appointment and process management significantly. In addition, the creation and updating of the centralized knowledge base supported easy onboarding.

Dot
The Benefits
Optimized Resources & Control Costs – Efficiently managing employees, assigning assets, analyzing the cost-effectiveness of employees. The changes made by the team in the application reduced the runtime of the loader from 510 min to just 24 min, making it 95% more efficient.
Deliver Value Through IT Investments – Application development of Progress version 9.1 seamlessly integrating different modules – HR systems, Payroll, Scheduling, etc. supported with analytics and reporting resulted in accurate data inputs to showcase reports in near real-time.
Enhanced Customer Experience – Single sign-on for the operator and employee showcases their respective views and related data to plan their day better followed by transparency in the availability and allocation of work i.e. fleet managers had a clear picture of drivers’ working hours and drivers could get clear visibility of available work, ensuring fair distribution of holidays and overtime for them; ensuring smooth public service.
Better Information for Better Decision Making – Real-time dashboard reporting enabled the clients’ customers to monitor and measure performance and metrics in real-time. The end-customers could visualize and analyze data on 15 parameters including rostered duty hours, basic hours, rostered non-driving hours, overtime, unsocial hours training, absence maternity/paternity, staff borrowed in/out, etc., and focus on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) across the organization on a dashboard, helping them gain valuable insights and drive quick and accurate decisions.
DotHappy Customer
The Client
Technical Director

quote
Very Good mixing with the team, productivity was high, and communication was very good.

Modernizing Electronic Health Record & Practice Management Application for Enhanced Customer Experience
Upgrading the base platform for improved performance, redesigning the platform in micro-frontend & micro-services for Scalability, Faster Time to Market (TTM), Improved Customer Experience and Ease of maintenance.

Transitioning the Electronic Health Records (EHR) Platform
Dot
The Client
The client is a leading healthcare technology solution company in the US providing innovative technology, quality services, and strategic partnerships that help practices grow profitably, improve patient outcomes, run efficiently, and remain compliant with federal and state regulations.

Dot
The Challenges
Legacy and monolithic application architecture leading to the challenges in-
Maintaining the application.
Adding new features to the platform.
Long release cycle while the other competitors are able to release new products/features quickly which led to potential business loss.
Enhancing customer journey which is making difficult to acquire new businesses.
In the transformed world, the adoption of mobile devices is very high. So it’s very critical for the customer to have all the features being available in mobile devices for better customer interaction with added features like Voyce.
Performance due to old code and database versions which also was deterrent for modernization of the application.
Moving from on-prem to cloud in Linux servers.
banner
Dot
The Objective
In the current pandemic situation, the customer realised to transform their IT application landscape for:

 

Existing customer retention.
New customer acquisition through better reach.
Entry into the new business areas primarily driven by the new normal situation across the globe.
With this vision, they aimed to overhaul application architecture and design enhancements of their proprietary Electronic Health Record (EHR) and Practice Management (PM) platform for making it more user-friendly, flexible, focus on the faster rollout of multiple new practices (TTM), scalability and reduce the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).

Dot
The Solution
With JK Tech’s deep knowledge of the customer platform and extensive experience on .Net, Progress, micro-services and micro-frontend, we provided an end-to-end solution for the customer to rehaul the entire platform in line with their vision. Our solution steps included:

 

Upgrade from Progress Version 11.7 Classic to 12.2 PASOE (LTS).
Electronic Health Record(EHR) & Practise Management UI Modernization.
Re-architect the platform in micro-services and micro-frontend. This helped the client create decoupled and independent applications. The upgrades and rewriting parts of the frontend, including architecture, dependencies, and user experience, can now be achieved incrementally and performed as required instead of having to stop everything and upgrade all at once. Furthermore, the processes could also operate independently and evolve on their own without requiring excessive coordination.
We implemented the multitenancy features which kept the data of each end-customer highly secured and private.
Windows to Linux migration.
End-to-end seamless DevSecOps implementation. This provided greater flexibility in managing sudden changes during the development lifecycle and minimizing vulnerabilities.
End-to-end automation of testing significantly improved productivity.
Simultaneously enhancing the current platform with features, critical for businesses.
Dot
The Benefits
Common business logic layer for all the providers (or set of providers).
Modernized UI Hosted on AWS Infra. Single deployment Used by all the providers.
Users will access the application through Browser and mobile.
Specific APIs will be exposed in public for Business Expansion.
Single code base developed across all mobile platforms leading to ease of maintenance.
Voyce or similar tool will be used for Dictation.
SMS gateway to be implemented for sending SMS to staff/doctors.
Overall implementation duration to reduce drastically by ~40–60%.
Database performance is expected to improve by 50%.
For common code base and business logic, the overall TCO should reduce by 30%.
Expected business growth is manifold due to enhanced customer experience, scalability and TTM.

Predictive Modeling Using Corticon BRMS
A leading provider of technology-enabled claim management services, risks & benefits solutions partners with JK Tech & re-engineers and simplifies the business process using Corticon Business Rules Management System (BRMS) and OpenEdge.

Predictive Modeling Using Corticon BRMS
Dot
The Client
The client is the leading provider of technology-enabled claims and productivity management solutions in North America. It also facilitates financial and personal health and helps customers and consumers navigate complexity by designing and implementing customized programs based on proven practices and advanced technologies.

Dot
The Challenges
The client aimed to deliver quality service in areas such as workers’ compensation, liability, property, disability and absence management. The client desired for a solution partner that would not just help them in managing claims but will also simplify the process and reduce the complexities, to achieve operational excellence and making it easy and effective for everyone involved.

 

Their business operations involved a process where a specific dynamic query was used that ran on a monthly basis, in order to extract data related to claims. These extracted file’s information was then used to create Statistical Analysis System (SAS) reports based on a percentile score that helped to identify and distinguish various claims and were analyzed by the supervisors to take appropriate proactive action.

 

The process involved heterogeneous systems and manual intervention, hence they lacked scalability. The categorization of claims followed a 30-day cycle, critical claims were discovered on the 30th day and the high-risk claims were not identified on time. This resulted in a delay of the whole cycle of proactive action. In addition, there was a need to improve the cycle time of the claim process and minimize the manual procedures.

banner
Dot
The Objective
The client being a leading global provider of claim management services, risks and benefits solutions was required to deliver cost-effective risk consulting, managed care and other services. They sought for Predictive Analytics Capability that would help the claim examiners anticipate the likelihood of future events, lowers claim handling costs and help them with more accurate decisioning.

Dot
The Solution
JK Tech re-engineered the business process by converting the existing system into an automated predictive modeling system using Corticon Business Rules Management System (BRMS) and OpenEdge. The focus was on reducing the turnaround time per claim and effective claim management.

 

The redesigned system would check for all open claims in the system and calculate a predictive score as per the rules defined for the predictive analytics model and identify or predict whether a claim belongs to a certain category or not. The new process now ran daily and in case there is any change to any critical claim field, then that claim was recorded. The System was now having the capability to alert the authorized user regarding the potential critical category of the claim.

 

Predictive Modeling removed the heterogeneous systems and the manual interventions were automated with the help of Corticon Studio and Corticon Server using SOAP services. In addition, the current manual process of identifying the high-risk claims was also automated, which helped the business to take proactive decisions and actions which in turn added more value to the business. Predictive Modeling used Corticon as Business Rule Engine to implement the business rule for predicting the high-risk claims and future attorney involvement claims.

 

MAJOR HIGHLIGHT

“The project was awarded in CIO 100 event in Colorado Spring, USA in August, 2017”

Dot
The Benefits
The authorized user/Analytics team has a new capability to identify a potential critical category of a claim early on to help take proactive decisions/actions, bringing business value.
Reduced operational costs as now the task of identifying the potential high-risk claims is are automated.
Increased organizational agility – compressed the change cycle from months to days.
Improved claim management process with superior customer experience, operational excellence and managed risk.
With the help of predictive analytics modeling, the team could generate faster and accurate results that are actionable for managing resources in claims management.

Comprehensive Care Management Leveraging Real-Time Analytics
Designing a comprehensive bill-centric workflow and enabling real-time insights with an Analytics-driven solution.

Comprehensive Care Management Leveraging Real-Time Analytics
Dot
The Client
The client is a leading global provider of technology-enabled risk, benefits and integrated business solutions, located across 65 countries.

Dot
The Challenges
The information for bills & claims was not integrated into one platform. Users spent time running multiple reports to get detailed information on medical bills, claims and payments, various fee information and manually consolidated the data for detailed analysis.
There was no access to near real-time data due to the existing legacy application. This led to a delay in decision-making.
The application used by the client had limited visualization capabilities and was not flexible for self-service reporting.
banner
Dot
The Objective
The client required a powerful analytical tool to unleash valuable insights from the embedded data in the Medical Bill review process. These insights would enable the end customers of the client to elevate their managed care and bill review process to a strategic and data-focused initiative that can drive ongoing program improvements in the organization. The tool needed to have flexible reporting capabilities, along with access to near real-time data.

Dot
The Solution
JK Tech as a solution partner analyzed the end-to-end process and designed a comprehensive bill-centric workflow by bringing the billing and claims data onto one platform. This enabled business users to analyze the key metrics of the bill review process and take the necessary actions to expedite the bill review process effectively. Key highlights of the solution are:

 

Seamless integration of billing information with claims and payments data.
Built Dashboards and reports with information on bill status, expenses, fees, payments to enable analysts and business users to derive key metrics in managed care.
Tightly integrated the solution with data and user security, to ensure data confidentiality.
Built scalable and reusable components to support ad-hoc reporting. Customized key functionalities of BO reporting, to accommodate the unique requirements of business users.
 
Solution Footprint - Comprehensive Care Analytics
Fig 1: Solution Footprint – Comprehensive Care Analytics

Dot
Outcomes
A decrease in the average turn-around time of the billing process.
Tracking metrics related to bill processing is much simpler and faster – approved, rejected and pending bills tracking, loss ratio, expense and claim reserve management.
Analysis of key metrics for Telephone case management, Field case management, Pharmacy management, etc. through summarized dashboards and visualizations.
Optimization of the utilization of physicians and provider networks.
The solution helped reduce the usage and maintenance of multiple reporting systems.

Who We Are
JK Tech is a leading global provider of Digital and Business Consulting services, committed to delivering exceptional experiences to our clients, people, and the environment. With our deep industry expertise in Retail & CPG, Healthcare, and Insurance, we offer a comprehensive range of solutions that are tailored to meet the unique challenges of our client’s businesses. Our niche offerings in Modernization, Hyperautomation, and Data Transformation enable us to deliver innovative and customized solutions that help our clients stay ahead of the competition. At JK Tech, we are dedicated to helping our clients navigate their digital transformation journey and achieve their long-term business goals.

As an organization, people are our precious assets, and we value and admire our employees. We endeavor to foster a transparent, diverse, inclusive, and friendly environment and culture that is driven by “Collaboration”, “Respect”, “Attitude” & “Passion”.



Our Purpose

Committed to a Superior Experience
We are committed to a superior experience in everything we do as an organization, be it for our clients, employees, or the community at large. Over the years, we have retained most of our clients for over a decade through our belief in continuous improvement. Our employees form the core of the organization, and we want to provide them with a superior experience so that they can learn, grow, and excel in their long-term goals.


CORE VALUES
A certain set of core values drives every organization. At JK Tech, we ‘CARE’ for our clients, employees, and society. These core values drive every decision we make as an organization and helps us stay committed to our promise of delivering a superior experience at everything that we do.

Customer Centricity
Focusing on creating positive experiences for the customer through the full set of solutions and services that JK Tech offers.

Accountability
Fostering a culture of accountable leadership across organization through clear and effective communication, transparent teams and building trust while supporting our common goal of superior experience.

Respect for Others
Nurturing “trust based leadership” between management and employees.

Employee Empowerment
Valuing employees, partners and customers for their abilities, qualities and achievements.


CULTURE

DIVERSITY & INCLUSION
We believe in providing an equal opportunity to learn and grow for everyone. This is a part of the JK Tech ethos, and we genuinely believe that to succeed, you need a diverse team that can bring a plethora of ideas from their varied backgrounds.


OPENNESS
To deliver clever and capable solutions, JK Tech provide an open work environment, where ideas flow without any friction. We aim to cultivate a secure and transparent environment for employees to openly share and discuss ideas. We urge our employees to grow alongside each other rather than compete against each other.


AGILE
We, at JK Tech, never shy away from change as we believe change truly is the only constant of life. JK Tech is invariably evolving to keep up and stay ahead of time, fostering flexibility and adaptability in its environment, people, and solutions.


INNOVATION
Innovation fuels transformation and growth, which is why we highly value it. JK Tech provides abundant opportunities for employees to unleash, reach and surpass their full potentials in order to bring innovative and refreshing solutions to the table. We have partnered with global new-age emerging firms to provide for a superior experience and drive innovation.

20+
Countries Served

1500+
Employees

250+
Clients Served

20+
Partner Ecosystem

7
Locations

ImageDotImageDotDot
Arrow
CUSTOMERS
Arrow
AWARDS



ACCREDITATIONS
MAKING QUALITY THE TOUCHSTONE FOR OPERATIONS AND PLANNING
The accreditations that we undergo help us to constantly benchmark our products and services to international standards. As an organization, we are deeply committed to excellence in all we do, and this belief underlies all our operation and processes.

We not only form strategic partnerships with some of the most innovative companies in the technology industry but regularly undergo stringent company evaluation to meet and surpass industry best practices, standards, improve our processes, quality, security and infrastructure.

Iso
Iso
Iso
Iso
Iso
Iso
ALL ACCREDITATIONS
Dot
ISO 9001:2015 (QUALITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
Dot
ISO 27001:2013 (INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
Dot
ISO 37001:2016 – (ANTI-BRIBERY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
Dot
ISO 14001:2015 – (ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM)
Dot
ISAE & SSAE 18 SOC1 TYPE1
Dot
ISAE & SSAE 18 SOC 1 TYPE II
Dot
CMMI L-5 SVC V 1.3
Dot
SAP-CERTIFIED PROVIDER OF SAP BUSINESS SUITE SOLUTIONS OPERATIONS
Dot
SAP-CERTIFIED PROVIDER OF SAP S/4HANA SOLUTIONS OPERATIONS
Dot
SAP-CERTIFIED PROVIDER OF HOSTING OPERATIONS LEVEL: ADVANCED

LEADERSHIP TEAM
Aloke Paskar - President & Chief Executive Officer
Aloke Paskar carries an in-depth understanding of the IT business and landscape; with 30+ years of experience in P&L management, business operations, business transformation, and global delivery management across the USA, UK, Europe, APAC, Middle East and Latin America. Aloke co-founded Headstrong (erstwhile Techspan); restructured, integrated and profitability exited the company, post-merger, with Genpact. His previous stints in transformational leadership were at Capgemini and TEOCO Mobile Telecommunication.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Abhishek Singhania, Managing Director, JK Tech
Abhishek Singhania, the founder of JK Tech and a scion of one of the best-known business families of India, has been Managing Director of JK Tech since 1994. He leads the company’s global operations together with the Board and Leadership Team. He gained invaluable experience within JK Organization companies, handling various aspects of JK businesses, and spearheading successful national and international expansion programs.

ABHISHEK SINGHANIA
Managing Director


Arvind Thakur, Non-Executive Director - JK Tech
Arvind Thakur was the CEO, Vice Chairman & Managing Director at NIIT Technologies Ltd (now renamed as Coforge Ltd). He has been the Chairman of specialized technology companies like Esri India Technologies Ltd, Incessant Technologies Ltd and also serves on the Board of Management at NIIT University, a leading not-for-profit institution. Arvind Thakur has been an elected member for 3 consecutive terms of the Executive Council at NASSCOM, where he held key positions till May 2020. He also served on the National Council of CII as Chairman of the National Committee on IPR and was a member of the Indo Spanish CEO Forum supported by FICCI.

ARVIND THAKUR
Non-Executive Director


Satish Gupta, Executive Director, JK Tech
Satish is an IT industry veteran. With over 50+ years of experience, he brings a wealth of knowledge and market perspective to the table. He started his career with IBM World Trade Corporation in India in 1965. Satish’s long management and operations experience has proven to be an invaluable asset in growing JK Tech as a global technology solutions provider.

SATISH GUPTA
Executive Director


Maneesh Mansingka - Director
Maneesh Mansingka has over 18 years of experience in setting up and running oilseed processing plants in India. He led Indian joint ventures with Fortune 500 companies such as Bunge Ltd., USA and Noble Group Ltd., Hong Kong. He is an Independent Director in several companies in the travel and tourism, modified bitumen and logistics sector.

MANEESH MANSINGKA
Director


Partho P. Kar, Director, JK Tech
Partho P. Kar works in the area of strategy consulting and has held leadership roles with organizations such as the Aditya Birla Group, Arvind Mafatlal Group, Gruppo La Perla, and so on. He is currently the Chief Consultant at Biswa Bangla, an initiative of the Government of West Bengal and a member of the advisory board of Cerestra Fund Advisors.

PARTHO P. KAR
Director


Vipul Prakash, Director, JK Tech
Vipul is a Serial Entrepreneur and investor. He has been a visionary in the field of recruitment process outsourcing (RPO), with more than a decade’s experience in this field. In 2011, he was awarded one of the top 50 inspiring entrepreneurs of India by Cyber Media Vipul also Co-founded the Indian Staffing Federation and worked as its first vice-president.

VIPUL PRAKASH
Director

INVESTORS
JK Tech is a next-generation Digital and Business Consulting provider enabling clients globally to navigate their Digital Transformation. We stand by our vision of being "committed to a superior experience" with our customers, our people, and our social environment.

We offers specialized capabilities across Retail & CPG, Healthcare & Lifesciences, and Insurance with our niche solutions across Modernization and Hyperautomation leveraging Data Transformation that help improve their performance and create lasting value across enterprises.

This web page is a part of our efforts to keep our shareholders/Members informed about our operations, business performance, results and regulatory updates.


Annual Returns
At JK Tech, we are committed to giving all shareholders timely and equivalent access to information concerning the Company. As per Section 92 (3) of the Companies Act, 2013, we are placing Annual returns on the website of the Company.


Notice & Annexures
As per Rule 18 of Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014, we are placing the Notices of the General Meetings of the company.

PARTNERS
Building productive and long-term relationships to help customers in their digital transformation journey.

Our partners and alliances have played a critical role in our digital transformation journey to offer best in class solutions. Through our partnerships, we leverage the power of the latest technological advancements to help our customers develop unique solutions to meet their business goals.

We invest heavily in our partnerships to co-create, co-exist and harness our mutual domain and technical expertise. In addition, we mutually address go to market, which strengthens our relationships and market offerings benefitting the end customers.

WE GIVE BACK
Our Initiatives to Make World a Better Place
As a company, we are deeply conscious of our role as responsible corporate citizens. Our CSR initiatives form an integral part of our operations and activities.
Images
We are proud of the many initiatives we have put in place over the years to support these efforts. Here’s what we’re doing right now:


Ongoing Giving
We support various philanthropic initiatives intending to bring a smile on the face of people


Charitable Donations
This is our gesture to show gratitude and extend love and kindness to our society


Pukaar - An Initiative by JK Tech
This initiative supports underprivileged families, by providing them with ration support; with the larger goal to increase the employability of one member in each family


Composition of CSR Committee
Leaders at JK Tech believe strongly that one should lead not only by words but also by action. A good example is our CSR committee, where the Board of Directors has formed the core committee to ensure that our activities are focused on the right causes.


CSR Policy
JK Tech Corporate Social Responsibility Policy is rooted in the Company’s core value of quality, reliability and trust guided by international standards and best practices.


CSR Projects Undertaken
Among multiple CSR activities initiated by JK Tech, one activity was to provide financial aid to Sri Padampat Singhania Sports academy. JK Tech understands that youth are the backbone of society, and sports promote the upliftment of rural youth.


Life @ JK Tech
Our work culture promotes collaboration and communication, encourages creativity and fosters a healthy work-life balance to foster an environment that promotes productivity and job satisfaction.


Home > Careers
JK Tech is all about people - our squad is the heart and soul of the company. Whether you are a seasoned pro or just starting out, we will help you find your passion and purpose. So, wake up and be ready to slay every single day. We value teamwork and keeping it real, because we know that a healthy work-life balance is the key. Our belief is when you are happy, you will feel more accountable and part of the team.

At JK Tech, we nurture inclusivity and equality. We have got each other's backs and we are always down to hear your ideas and let you express yourself freely. Our culture is to encourage new perspectives and fresh ideas because that is how we grow and thrive.

So, if you are up for a vibrant and inclusive work culture, and passionate about making an impact, then come join the JK Tech team!


Why Work Here?
Hey there! Want to work for a company that values your skills and rocks at teamwork? JK Tech is where it is at! We are all about providing top-notch tech solutions for our clients, but we know our employees are the real stars. So, we’ve created a cool and supportive work environment where you can develop your skills, learn from your homies, and build a dope career. Get ready to unleash your creativity and innovation with us, and let’s make a real difference in the tech world! Are you in?


Work Flexibility
We get it – life can be a serious juggle. We are not just about work – we are all about vibing with your crew, finding joy in your job, and crushing your goals your way. You do yours, and we will be there to support you every step of the way.


Careers FAQs
What are the Career opportunities available at JK Tech?
At JK Tech, we offer you dynamic roles across various career streams.

To know more about the latest job opportunities check out Current Job Openings at JK Tech.

Are there any mentorship programs for new joiners?
Yes, from your first day onwards we help you get friendly with the work and environment at JK Tech. We have a special “Buddy Program” designed for new employees that makes them get comfortable in the company and solves their work and operations-related queries.

Does JK Tech offer Work from Home?
Yes, we do have a Work from Home option depending upon your roles and responsibilities at the workplace.

Do I get International opportunities at JK Tech?
Yes, there are various opportunities to work for international projects onsite and/or offshore.

What are the learning and development initiatives at JK Tech?
As part of the learning and development initiatives for employees, we conduct:

Knowledge sessions to ensure employees are aligned with the domain and/or technology solutions offered by the company.
Functional training conducted regularly to upskill and cross-skill employees.
Fitness and mindfulness sessions to guide our employees in maintaining a healthy and positive lifestyle.
Fun activities to maintain employee engagement and employee morale.

How is the culture at JK Tech?
We endeavour to foster a transparent, diverse, inclusive and friendly environment and culture that is driven by “Collaboration”, “Respect”, “Attitude” & “Passion”. We aim at creating multiple opportunities for our employees to help them learn, grow and thrive. We empower each of them to not only take ownership of their domain but also come out of their comfort zone and seize new roles within the organization.

Our Global location
USA
New York
JK Tech US Inc.
608, Fifth Avenue, Suite 401, New York, NY 10020 USA

Phone:+1-212-586-4066
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:+1-212-586-4067
New Jersey
JK Tech US Inc.
Court Plaza North, 25 Main Street, Suite 207, Hackensack, New Jersey, 07601, USA

Phone:+1-732-529-2751
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:+1-732-529-2753
UK
London
JK Tech UK LTD.
107-111 Fleet Street, London, EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom

Phone:+44 (0) 20 8528 1021
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:
Netherlands
The Hague
JK Tech Europe B.V.
World Trade Center, The Hague Business Center, Prinses Margrietplantsoen 33, 2595 AM The Hague, The Netherlands

Phone:+31 (0)70 304 3665
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:
Sri Lanka
Colombo
JK Tech
Orion City, No. 752, Dr Danister De Silva Mawatha, Colombo 00900, Sri Lanka

Phone:+94 112 686003
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:
India
Bangalore
JK Tech
1465, 13th Cross Rd, 19th Main, HSR Layout, Sector 1, Bengaluru, Karnataka - 560102

Phone:0120-4606300
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:
Delhi (Registered Office)
JK Tech
A-2, Shopping Complex, Masjid Moth, G.K. II, New Delhi, India – 110048

Phone:011-29222864
Phone:011-29222865
Email:marketing@jktech.com
Fax:011-29228048

Current Openings [31] ANY 
Search ID/Title/Location/JD
ID	Req Title	Location	Employment Type
2183	Senior Associate Talent Benefit	Noida	Permanent
2178	Progress OpenEdge/4GL Consultant	Anywhere in India	Permanent
2181	Senior Developer- .Net with Azure Devops	UK	Permanent
2036	Senior QAD Finance Consultant	Noida/Bengaluru	Subcontract
1779	Sr. Full Stack Developer-.Net	Noida	Permanent
2175	Associate - Talent Management	Noida	Permanent
2169	Progress OpenEdge/4GL Consultant	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
2159	Progress Architect	US	Permanent
2165	Junior Engineers	Bengaluru	Permanent
2162	Progress OpenEdge/4GL Senior Consultant	Anywhere in India	Permanent
2161	Senior QAD Finance Consultant	Bengaluru	Permanent
2038	Full Stack Cloud Lead	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
2133	Angular Lead	Bengaluru	Permanent
2148	Lead Developer -UI	UK	Permanent
2129	Senior Consultant- PIM Stibo	Bengaluru	C2h_or_permanent
2125	Senior Consultant- PIM Stibo	Bengaluru	C2h_or_permanent
2119	Sr. Test Automation Engineer	Bengaluru	Permanent
2026	Implementation & Delivery Manager	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
2094	Digital Delivery Manager - Retail & CPG	Bengaluru	Permanent
1769	Angular Lead	Bengaluru	Permanent
1966	Progress OpenEdge/4GL Senior Consultant	Anywhere in India	Permanent
1964	Progress OpenEdge/4GL Consultant	Anywhere in India	Permanent
2051	Java Web Developer	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
2045	Senior .Net Lead	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
2056	Progress OpenEdge/4GL Technical Lead	Anywhere in India	Permanent
1948	Full Stack Lead	Bengaluru	Permanent
1710	Angular Dev/Senior Developer	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
1708	Angular Dev/Senior Developer	Noida/Bengaluru	Permanent
1780	Sr. Full Stack Developer-Node	Anywhere in India	Permanent
1709	.Net Core Developer/Senior Developer	Others	Permanent




















